
ASP.NET - To log information to the app diagnostics log, use the System.Diagnostics.Trace class

ASP.NET Core apps - To log information to Azure app logs, use the logger factory class
For ASP.NET Core apps on Linux, only "error" messages (levels 4 and 5) are logged.

Node.js apps - app logging is enabled using the console() method

In the portal, app logging is managed from the Diagnostics logs pane of the web app.
Logging to the file system will be automatically reset to Off after 12 hours.

Saving to blob storage is not available for Linux app logs.
When logging to blob storage, you must also set a Retention Period. Unlike the file system logs, blob logs are never deleted by default

Log Streaming Service:
To use live logging, you connect to the live log service from the command line, and can then see text being written to the app's logs in real time.
The live log stream connects to only one app instance, so is not useful if you have a multi-instance app.
az webapp log tail --name <app name> --resource-group <resource group name>

Windows app log files location -  D:\Home, and includes a LogFiles folder; within this folder are one or more subfolders

Linux app log files - messages are stored in Docker log files.you will need to open an SSH connection to the Docker container.

Every subscription is associated with an Azure Active Directory tenant.

You can apply locks to a subscription, a resource group, or an individual resource. You can set the lock level to CanNotDelete or ReadOnly.
To make the protection process more robust, you can combine resource locks with Azure Blueprints. 
you can define a blueprint that specifies that a certain resource lock must exist. Azure Blueprints can automatically replace the resource lock if that lock is removed.

You can use Azure Policy to ensure that a resource inherits the same tags as its parent resource group. 

Initiatives - group of related policies

stock-keeping unit (SKU)

Azure Policy also evaluates any current resources in your environment.

Policy assignments are inherited by all child resources within that scope.
you can assign a policy to a management group, a single subscription, or a resource group.

In an Azure SQL Database implementation, you could share the load across database instances by sharding. 
Sharding is a technique to distribute large amounts of identically structured data across a number of independent databases.





