For Message Based System -
Azure Queue Storage
Azure Service Bus

For Event Based System -
Azure Event Grid
Azure Event Hub

Queues can contain millions of messages, limited only by the capacity of the storage account that owns it.

Internally, topics use queues. When you post to a topic, the message is copied and dropped into the queue for each subscription. 

Use Service Bus topics if you:
Need multiple receivers to handle each message

Use Service Bus queues if you:
Need an At-Most-Once delivery guarantee.
Need a FIFO guarantee.
Need to group messages into transactions.
Want to receive messages without polling the queue.
Need to provide a role-based access model to the queues.
Need to handle messages larger than 64 KB but less than 256 KB.
Queue size will not grow larger than 80 GB.
Want to publish and consume batches of messages.

Use Queue storage if you:
Need an audit trail of all messages that pass through the queue.
Expect the queue to exceed 80 GB in size.
Want to track progress for processing a message inside of the queue.

Azure Event Grid is a fully-managed event routing service running on top of Azure Service Fabric

Event Grid use topics to decide which events to send to which handlers. 
Events sources tag each event with one or more topics, and event handlers subscribe to the topics they are interested in.

Topics are divided into system topics, and custom topics.

Event Subscriptions define which events on a topic an event handler wants to receive. A subscription can also filter events by their type or subject, so you can ensure an event handler only receives relevant events.

Event Grid will efficiently notify each interested subscriber when a new event is available - no polling required.

Event Grid retries event delivery for up to 24 hours for each subscription.

Event Hub - it is optimized for extremely high throughput, a large number of publishers, security, and resiliency.
It can prcess millions of events per second
As Event Hubs receives communications, it divides them into partitions. 
By default, events stay in the buffer for 24 hours before they automatically expire.
Every event hub has at least two partitions.
All publishers are authenticated and issued a token.







